1. How's the ARP works？

	a. ARP Cache: After resolving MAC address, 
	the ARP sends it to the source where it
	stores in a table for future reference. 
	The subsequent communications can use the 
	MAC address from the table.

	b. ARP Cache Timeout: It indicates the 
	time for which the MAC address in the 
	ARP cache can reside.

	c.ARP request: This is nothing but 
	broadcasting a packet over the network 
	to validate whether we came across 
	destination MAC address or not.

	d.ARP response: It is the MAC address 
	response that the source receives from 
	the destination which aids in further 
	communication of the data.

2. What is the ND, and how is works?

	The IPv6 neighbor discovery process uses 
	Internet Control Message Protocol (ICMP) 
	messages and solicited-node multicast addresses 
	to determine the link-layer address of a neighbor 
	on the same network (local link), verify the 
	reachability of a neighbor, and track neighboring 
	devices.
	The IPv6 static cache entry for neighbor discovery 
	feature allows static entries to be made in the 
	IPv6 neighbor cache. Static routing requires an 
	administrator to manually enter IPv6 addresses, 
	subnet masks, gateways, and corresponding Media 
	Access Control (MAC) addresses for each interface 
	of each device into a table. Static routing enables 
	more control but requires more work to maintain the 
	table. The table must be updated each time routes are 
	added or changed.	

3. What is the ICMP, and how's works?

	ICMP (Internet Control Message Protocol) is an 
	error-reporting protocol network devices like routers 
	use to generate error messages to the source IP address 
	when network problems prevent delivery of IP packets. 
	ICMP creates and sends messages to the source IP address 
	indicating that a gateway to the Internet that a router, 
	service or host cannot be reached for packet delivery. 
	Any IP network device has the capability to send, 
	receive or process ICMP messages.



4. Give some tools for use with Network analysis?
	
	TCPDump
	Netstat
	fping
	nmap
