1. What's the difference between IPV4 and IPV6?

	An IP address is binary numbers but can be stored as text for
	human reader. For example, a 32-bit numeric address(IPv4) is
	is written in decimal as four numbers separated by periods. 
	Each number can be zero to 255. For example, 1.160.10.240
	could be an IP address.
	IPv6 addresses are 128-bit IP address written in hexadecimal 
	and separated by colons. An example IPv6 address could be written
	like this: 3ffe:1900:4545:3:200:f8ff:fe21:67cf.

2. What happens when you type an URL in the browser and press enter?

	a. You type maps.google.com into the address bar of your browser. 
	b. The browser checks the cache for a DNS record to find the
	   corresponding IP address of maps.google.com.
	c. If the requested URL is not in the cache, IPS's DNS server 
	   initiates a DNS query to find the IP address of the server that
	   hosts maps.google.com
	d. Browser initiates a TCP connection with the server. 
	e. The browser sends an HTTP request to the web server.
	f. The server handles the request and sends back a response/
	g. The server sends out an HTTP response. 
	h. The browser displays the HTML content( for HTML resoonses
		which is the most common.)	

3. What is the ISP and what's jobs need the ISP do?

	The Internet service provider(ISP) is an organization that 
	provides services accesing and using the Internet. Internet
	service providers may be orgainzed in various forms, such as
	commercial, community-owned, non-profit, or otherwise privately
	owned. 
	Internet service typically provided by ISPs include Internet 
	access, Internet transit, domain name registration, web hosting
	Usenet service and colocation. 

4. Why the TCP is reliable protocol? 

	The reason that Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) is considered
	'reliable' is the protocol itself checks to see if everything that
	was transmission has delivered at the receiving end(it may not have
	been due to packet loss). TCP allows for the retransmission of lost
	packets, thereby making sure that all data transmitted is (eventually)
	received. 
	
5. What's the difference between TCP and UDP? 
	
	Both TCP and UDP are protocols used for sending bits of data-known
	as packets-over the Intenet. They both build on top of the Internet
	protocol. In other words, whether you are sending a packet via TCp
	or UDP, that packet is sent to an IP address. These packets are treated 
	similarly, as they are forwarded from your computer to intermediary
	routers and on to the destination.
	TCP and UDP are not the only protocols that work on top of IP. However, 
	they are the most widely used. They widely used term "TCP/IP" refers to 
	TCP over IP. UDP over IP could just as well be refered to as "UDP/IP",
	although this is not a common term.
