1. How the process of HTTP to the HTTPS?

	If you are familiar with the backend of a website, then switching to 
	HTTPS is fairly straightforward in practice. The basic steps are as follows.

	1. Purchase an SSL certificate and a dedicated IP address from your hosting 
	company.
	2. Install and configure the SSL certificate.
	3. Perform a full back-up of your site in case you need to revert back.
	4. Configure any hard internal links within your website, from HTTP to HTTPS.
	5. Update any code libraries, such as JavaScript, Ajax and any third-party 
	plugins.
	6. Redirect any external links you control to HTTPS, such as directory listings.
	7. Update htaccess applications, such as Apache Web Server, LiteSpeed, NGinx 
	Config and your internet services manager function (such as Windows Web Server), 
	to redirect HTTP traffic to HTTPS.
	8. If you are using a content delivery network (CDN), update your CDN's SSL 
	settings.
	9. Implement 301 redirects on a page-by-page basis.
	10. Update any links you use in marketing automation tools, such as email links.
	11. Update any landing pages and paid search links.
	12. Set up an HTTPS site in Google Search Console and Google Analytics

2. How to configure an HTTPS server?

	This procedure assumes that your site has already has a certificate assigned to 
	it.
	1. Log on to the Web server computer as an administrator.
	2. Click Start, point to Settings, and then click Control Panel.
	3. Double-click Administrative Tools, and then double click Internet Services 
	Manager.
	4. Select the Web site from the list of different served sites in the left pane.
	5. Right-click the Web site, folder, or file for which you want to configure SSL 
	communication, and then click Properties.
	6. Click the Directory Security tab.
	7. Click Edit.
	8. Click Require secure-channel (SSL) if you want the Web site, folder, or file to 
	require SSL communications.
	9. Click Require 128-bit encryption to configure 128-bit (instead of 40-bit) 
	encryption support.
	10. To allow users to connect without supplying their own certificate, click 
	Ignore client certificates.
	Alternatively, to allow a user to supply their own certificate, use Accept client 
	certificates.
	11. To configure client mapping, click Enable client certificate mapping, and then 
	click Edit to map client certificates to users. 
	If you configure this functionality, you can map client certificates to individual 
	users in Active Directory. You can use this functionality to automatically 
	identify a user according to the certificate they supplied when they access the 
	Web site. You can map users to certificates on a one-to-one basis (one certificate 
	identifies one user) or you can map many certificates to one user (a list of 
	certificates is matched against a specific user according to specific rules. The 
	first valid match becomes the mapping).
	12. Click OK.

3. How the SMTP works?

	I think http://swipemail.io/2016/08/30/how-smtp-works/ is a pretty good 	
	explanation. 

4. How to configure an SMTP server?

	1. Connect to your server via SSH (more info).
	2. Switch to the root user (more info).
	3. Enter the following line into /etc/postfix/main.cf using a text editor of your 
	choice:
		relayhost = [dedrelay.secureserver.net]
	4. The Postfix mail service will need to be reloaded for the changes to take 
	effect. Use the following command to reload the Postfix mail service on your 
	server:
		service postfix reload
	5. Use the following command to check the Postfix SMTP relay server setting:
		grep relayhost /etc/postfix/main.cf
	If the SMTP relay server is configured properly the command should return the 
	following:
		relayhost = [dedrelay.secureserver.net]
