1. What's the difference of DAS, NAS and SAN?

NAS
	But what if you can provide access to your file-system 
	to other computers (for transferring files)? Many protocols 
	have been created over the years to accomplish easy file 
	sharing on a Network with other computers, as an example 
	I will only name the main per Operating System: UNIX and 
	the likes - NFS , DOS/Windows - CIFS/aka.SMB, Apple - AFP. 
	What they do is share files over a network, of course file 
	implies an underlying file-system structure and file-system 
	implies block device, but because it's done over a network 
	it's called as NAS - Network Attached Storage. All of this 
	interfaces explicitly prohibit remote lookups of block addresses 
	(for security reasons first) and normally such interfaces are 
	not even implemented. Network file systems can be considered 
	safe enough to be used in a concurrent way, the Protocol 
	implementation will take care of problems due to concurrent 
	access to the same resource (file), normally by locking the 
	file to a single user/requester. While any computer can share 
	files over a network and could be called NAS, normally by NAS 
	you identify only devices which main purpose is to share files 
	over the network. Normally NAS operates on IP/TCP Ethernet 
	networks and most can easily provide access to your data over 
	the Internet.
SAN
	Let's say that I like to read my data by block numbers, because 
	I've written my own software but I'm in need of many disk drives, 
	more than a single computer can host. The solution would be to 
	share the disks of other computers, but as said before my NAS 
	doesn't provide a way to lookup block numbers remotely. So I 
	will need to use another protocol to share my disk drives,
	one that doesn't need a file system to operate. The following 
	interfaces/protocols/networks exists today to share disks over 
	a network.
DAS
	The simplest storage is a Hard Disk connected to your computer/server. 
	Hard disk drives need to communicate somehow, and they need to 
	use a well defined physical interface and protocol in order for
	your computer to understand them, the most common interface and 
	protocol employed today for PC is the S-ATA or Serial ATA or 
	Serial Advanced Technology Attachment. So a hard disk which is 
	physically connected trough the same interface to your PC is 
	identified as a Direct Attached Storage or DAS for short. To make 
	it clear, ANY block device which is directly connected to your 
	system makes a DAS, even an USB stick is a DAS (but the interface 
	is USB in this case). And unless you access your disk by block 
	numbers you need a file system on top of it in order to put it at 
	good use.

2. What is the file system?

	In computing, a file system or filesystem is used to control how 
	data is stored and retrieved. Without a file system, information 
	placed in a storage medium would be one large body of data with 
	no way to tell where one piece of information stops and the next 
	begins. By separating the data into pieces and giving each piece 
	a name, the information is easily isolated and identified. Taking 
	its name from the way paper-based information systems are named, 
	each group of data is called a "file". The structure and logic 
	rules used to manage the groups of information and their names 
	is called a "file system".

3. What is the LVM?

	LVM is a tool for logical volume management which includes 
	allocating disks, striping, mirroring and resizing logical 
	volumes.
	With LVM, a hard drive or set of hard drives is allocated to 
	one or more physical volumes. LVM physical volumes can be placed 
	on other block devices which might span two or more disks.
	The physical volumes are combined into logical volumes, with 
	the exception of the /boot/ partition. The /boot/ partition cannot 
	be on a logical volume group because the boot loader cannot read it. 
	If the root (/) partition is on a logical volume, create a separate 
	/boot/ partition which is not a part of a volume group.
	Since a physical volume cannot span over multiple drives, to span 
	over more than one drive, create one or more physical volumes per drive.
	
4. What's the difference between different kinds of RAID?
	
	RAID is a technology that is used to increase the performance 
	and/or reliability of data storage. The abbreviation stands 
	for Redundant Array of nexpensive Disks. A RAID system consists of 
	two or more drives working in parallel. These disks can be hard discs, 
	but there is a trend to also use the technology for SSD (solid state drives). 		
	There are different RAID levels, each optimized for a specific 
	situation. These are not standardized by an industry group or 
	standardization committee. This explains why companies sometimes 
	come up with their own unique numbers and implementations. 

	RAID 0 – striping
	RAID 1 – mirroring
	RAID 5 – striping with parity
	RAID 6 – striping with double parity
	RAID 10 – combining mirroring and striping
	The software to perform the RAID-functionality and control the drives 
	can either be located on a separate controller card (a hardware RAID 
	controller) or it can simply be a driver. Some versions of Windows, 
	such as Windows Server 2012 as well as Mac OS X, include software RAID 			
	functionality. Hardware RAID controllers cost more than pure software, 
	but they also offer better performance, especially with RAID 5 and 6.

	RAID-systems can be used with a number of interfaces, including SCSI, 
	IDE, SATA or FC (fiber channel.) There are systems that use SATA disks 
	internally, but that have a FireWire or SCSI-interface for the host system.

	Sometimes disks in a storage system are defined as JBOD, which stands 
	for ‘Just a Bunch Of Disks’. This means that those disks do not use a 
	specific RAID level and acts as stand-alone disks. This is often done 
	for drives that contain swap files or spooling data.

5. What kinds of file system used on the Unix?
	
	Btrfs, ext2, ext3, ext4, JFS, ffs...
	
